Small readme updates (#217)
Igalia/acacia: README.md

% cmake --fresh -DACACIA_NODEJS=ON -DACACIA_TESTS=OFF ../
```

### SWIG Dependencies

> The Python and NodeJS bindings are built with SWIG. SWIG version 4.2.0 is required to build the bindings. If your package mananger provides and older version of SWIG, you will need to download and build from source, see: https://swig.org/

Author: ```suggestion
The Python and NodeJS bindings are built with SWIG. SWIG version 4.2.0 is required to build the bindings. If your package manager provides an older version of SWIG, you will need to download and build from source, see: https://swig.org/
```
